so this is the place is it yep alright
gentlemen we've been assigned a task of
inspecting this abandoned apartment
complex winding out the cause of the
amendment imposingly snag any hidden
teach we find there's said to be
something ordering around here but that
shouldn't be an issue for any of us in
the case that we do read it or anything
we're at least decently prepared right
any questions gentlemen yeah is this
whole military drill sergeant ordeal
really necessary yeah every so often yes
anyways it says here the first place we
should start logging is room 102 there's
said to be some nice art pieces
then let's do it wait what was that
noise sounds to me like someone forty in
the air vents now let's keep moving no
one knows what made this place pick up
abandoned not many people wanted to find
out fear that it won't affect them as
well and there it is right there
ruin or to own to arisen an artist
dominatrix mistress she opened round two
and suddenly because of strange noises
what are we seeing alrighty we're gonna
hold yeah I can see this bringing in a
little cash looks kind of recent but oh
not that I'm even freshly knew I'm
thinking we can make a little profit off
of the art supplies too what do you
think I think we could get a deal in
that old TV over there as well oh I'm
fucking hard asshole crying what's so
fuckin interesting it had to shoot me to
get my attention
it looks like in my plans I wasn't
expecting any visitors not after all the
things that happened okay like a light
bulb for gloves dark places that was for
room 101 but the room was left
unfinished so they gave it back
I'm more intrigued by these art pieces
here hello now those are quite
psychedelic
yeah something about those doesn't seem
right yep
figure that much all right gentlemen we
have a hostage situation on our hands
our task is now to escort her from the
premises immediately
silly little boy playing general in
command I think I'd be more suitable
then why something I'm not finished yet
what now boys your mistress wants you to
escort her from this apartment building
and get to the bottom of this mystery
as soon as poss you're a bot Charles hi
hmm
all right what's wrong I guess I might
be why this place is so musty look
that's the sound I kept hearing all this
time
sound like someone farting in the air
vents most likely jaco that sound has
tormented me for nearly a year I never
knew what the cause was likely Hawking
farting in the air vents I've looked all
around my apartment to see what was
causing it I wonder if anyone else was
hearing it again hawk ooh farting in the
air vents how would you know because I
have an acute sense of hearing
and surprising a good sound recognition
henceforth I can conclude that this
sound is more than likely Haku farting
in the air vents hmm
was it Haku all this time and mr. daily
to tell now ma'am will you come along
with us while we inspect this apartment
all right
Kirby
you